The game will begin from the main menu, with print statemenst showing the selection in order from 1-5
where the user is going to be asked to choose between 2 different games,
Hangman and Minesweeper, stats, about, or exit. I intend to make the selection with if statements, where the user 
simply inputs the number of the selection and a function takes them there.

In the Hangman game I believe the random library will be necessary, since the word selction must be random.
In a seperate function I can make a list of preselcted words, and return a rendom word with random.choic(list_of_words)
In the hangman function I will call the function with random words as so, word=random_word()
I can then use list comprehension to make the lenght of the word into astrics. 
I will then use input functions to ask the user to guess a letter, from a predetermined string of the alphabet
If the letter guess is not in the word the user looses a life. If the letter is in the word, I will use list comprehension
to reveal the letter in prevoius list comprehension. 
If the player runs of of the lives, the game ends and the loss is recorded onto a text file. 
If the player guesses all the letter, he wins and the win gets recorded onto a text file.
The low and High scores are also recorded into a text. The user is then asked if he wants to play again.

In the Minesweeper game the first row of the borard could be build using list comprehension and the rest
of the board could be constructed using recursion. The mines could be placed using the random library. 
This could be done by definig row and col as random.ints in the range of zero and board size - 1.
Whereever the bomb is randomly placed a -1 will be there, I will the use recursion to add one to every cell that
has a bomb around it, for example if the cell has 2 bombs around it, the cells value will be 2. 
A print board funtion will be created after the first board is created recursivley with the real values, so that
the real values could be hidden under the symbol "O". 
I will then create a helper function called reveal_board where the user inputs are sent. In this function the revealed
list comprehension will be used to recursivley reveal all the neiboring cells with bombs around them.
In this function if the user input inputs the cell where the bomb is at the game ends, and the loos is recorded
onto a text file. If not the function continues. 
The user input will be collected in a While True loop, so that aslong as the loop is broken the game continues. 
I believe collection the coordinates seperatlly and collecting the action in a single variable is the way to go. 
It does not make sence to collect the cordinate and flag in to seperate calls, since the user is never asked 
to flag in the first place. So I will collect the row from 0-4 and the column 0-4 as (Y,X) respectivley. 
And the user can choose to either reveal or flag the selected cell. 
If the user reveals all cells without revealing a bomb he wins and the win is recorded onto a text file.
The user is then asked if he want to play again. 
